There this is a lesson that all of you who are taking your first online course here at you than me or
even of those four I didn't know how the youth to the courses work.
If you're already familiar with you the me it's jaws etc..
You can go straight to the next lesson.
But anyway I ask you to watch this lesson as if you like very much to bring some information that you
help you get the most out of this course.
First of all some tips related to the specific course.
Well this course has many lectures with technical content.
They involve programming concepts things that can often generate errors and make you stop what you're
doing to try and solve them in others to help you solve those problems.
I've tried to make this content as interactive as possible.
First they got this lesson here which is right at the beginning of the course.
But first you frequently asked questions before asking if your question has not been answered here.
OK.
Also all lectures that require some additional knowledge have either extra materials or links to some
technical articles you can access these materials by clicking this blue button here on the left side
of the screen.
For example we have this lecture here where we have this link that leads to a WordPress page with more
information about the subject discussed in the lesson.
With that in mind I also provide codes for all of the lessons in this course.
The main purpose of this material is to help you solve problems you may find during the lessons.
On several occasions you'll find errors that only happened on your computer.
Most of the time I realized that these problems are due to typos.
For example function names freedom in the wrong way.
Or even file names created with the wrong name so often the quickest way to solve the specific problems
is to download the code related to specific lesson.
You can replace the excerpts of the code or compare the course code with yours or even replace all your
files with those of course.
You'll notice that all these files are organized into folders.
Each of them are related to one of the lectures OK.
Even though if your doubts persist you can send your questions out to me.
The best way to do this it's to submit the question by clicking this link here.
By doing this you have created a question of history for that particular lesson.
Besides every time you ask the question here I can see exactly what lecture you were watching when your
doubts arose and I can't answer your question much faster.
Right I'm going to create a question here as an example
see that you be notified each time I answer your question which usually takes up to 24 hours.
Another thing you can do and that helps a lot the other students of the Course is to add it to your
question end markets as solved.
To do this just click on the question title click on this small menu here.
Add it Marquez solves and save it.
Another way to access questions and answers is by going straight to the course panel.
You can click directly here.
And here we have the same futures as the other screen where the only difference is that by asking your
question here I will not know which lecture you're referring to.
Then when you can when it's possible tell me which lecture your question refers to that can help me
a lot.
And last but not least let's talk about reviews.
Reviews are a very important way for you to express once you think about the course at the same time.
They help me see what is working and what is wrong with the Course.
This way students who are interested in taking the course can also know if the content is worth it especially
due to this last fact.
I ask you to be fair on your reviews right.
You'll be invited to send your testimonials three times during the course.
The first will be right at the beginning of the course.
The second time how Fe the course and the last one at the end of the course.
If you don't think you're ready to send your review at a given moment for example at the beginning of
the Course just cancer right.
But any time you can also click here on these little stars on the home page of the course and review
it.
Please be objective clear an honest interview and try not to talk about technical problems as well since
you Tommy has an exclusive channel for you to report any technical problem did you like the course.
I am very happy to receive your positive feedback.
Now if you didn't like something especially something that made you give up on the course I ask you
to come and talk to me before publishing your review right.
I worry a lot and I always want to know what is wrong with the course.
I went to see all my students satisfied I went to see them finished the course with the knowledge that
we will really be useful for their lives.
So before you submit your review talk directly to me OK so you can help me make this course more interesting
for you and for all the other students.
I have a colleague here at either me who uses a phrase which is as follows if you like it then talk
about me.
If you don't like it talk to me ok.
I hope you enjoyed the course and that it helps you to acquire the knowledge that you wanted as soon
as you started the course.
I'll be always on hand to help you out.
So see the next lesson.